[All Hosts] (manifest) update tech background articles for unified manifest (#4834)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/specify-office-hosts-and-api-requirements-unified.md

## Use the latest Office JavaScript API library

Your add-in should load the most current version of the Office JavaScript API library from the content delivery network (CDN). To do this, be sure you have the following `<script>` tag in the first HTML file your add-in opens. Using `/1.1/` in the CDN URL ensures that you reference the most recent version of Office.js.

```HTML
<script src="https://appsforoffice.microsoft.com/lib/1.1/hosted/office.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
```

## Specify which Office applications can host your add-in

To specify the Office applications on which your add-in can be installed, use the "extensions.requirements.scopes" array. Specify any subset of "mail", "workbook", "document", and "presentation". The following table shows which Office application and platform combinations correspond to these values. It also shows what kind of add-in can be installed for each scope. 

| Name          | Office client applications                     | Available add-in types |
|:--------------|:-----------------------------------------------|:-----------------------|
| document      | Word on the web, Windows, Mac, iPad            | Task pane              |

> | mail          | Outlook on the web, Windows ([new](https://support.microsoft.com/office/656bb8d9-5a60-49b2-a98b-ba7822bc7627) and classic), Mac, Android, iOS | Mail |

Author: Good catch. It isn't.

> | mail          | Outlook on the web, Windows ([new](https://support.microsoft.com/office/656bb8d9-5a60-49b2-a98b-ba7822bc7627) and classic), Mac, Android, iOS | Mail |

Author: ```suggestion
| mail          | Outlook on the web, Windows ([new](https://support.microsoft.com/office/656bb8d9-5a60-49b2-a98b-ba7822bc7627) and classic), Android, iOS | Mail |
```

> [!TIP]
> For more information about requirement set versioning, see [Office requirement sets availability](office-versions-and-requirement-sets.md#office-requirement-sets-availability), and for the complete lists of requirement sets and information about the APIs in each, start with [Office Add-in requirement sets](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/common/office-add-in-requirement-sets). The reference topics for most Office.js APIs also specify the requirement set they belong to (if any).

### extensions.requirements.capabilities property

Use the "requirements.capabilities" property to specify the minimum requirement sets that must be supported by the Office application to install your add-in. If the Office application or platform doesn't support the requirement sets or API members specified in the "requirements.capabilities" property, the add-in won't run in that application or platform, and won't display in **My Add-ins**.

> [!TIP]

> > All APIs in the application specific models are in requirement sets, but some of those in the Common API model aren't. If your add-in requires an API that isn't in any requirement set, you can implement a runtime check for the availability of the API and display a message to the add-in's users if it isn't supported. For more information, see [Check for API availability at runtime](specify-api-requirements-runtime.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> All APIs in the application-specific models are in requirement sets, but some of those in the Common API model aren't. If your add-in requires an API that isn't in any requirement set, you can implement a runtime check for the availability of the API and display a message to the add-in's users if it isn't supported. For more information, see [Check for API availability at runtime](specify-api-requirements-runtime.md). 
```

The following code example shows how to configure an add-in that is installable in all Office application and platform combinations that support the following:

- `TableBindings` requirement set, which has a minimum version of "1.1".
- `OOXML` requirement set, which has a minimum version of "1.1".

```json
"extensions": [
    {
        "requirements": {
            "capabilities": [ 
                {
                    "name": "TableBindings",
                    "minVersion": "1.1"
                },
                {
                    "name": "OOXML",
                    "minVersion": "1.1"
                }
            ],
        },
        ...
    }
]
```

> [!TIP]

> > For more information and another example of using the "extensions.requirements" property, see [Specify Office Add-in requirements in the unified manifest for Microsoft 365 -- extensions.requirements](requirements-property-unified-manifest.md#extensionsrequirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For more information and another example of using the "extensions.requirements" property, see the "extensions.requirements" section in [Specify Office Add-in requirements in the unified manifest for Microsoft 365](requirements-property-unified-manifest.md#extensionsrequirements).
```

### Specify the form factors on which your add-in can be installed

> For an Outlook add-in is installable on desktop, you can also specify whether the add-in should be installable on desktop (includes tablets) or mobile form factors. Use the "extensions.requirements.formFactors" property. The following example show how to make the Outlook add-in installable on both form factors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an Outlook add-in, you can specify whether the add-in should be installable on desktop (includes tablets) or mobile form factors. To configure this, use the "extensions.requirements.formFactors" property. The following example show how to make the Outlook add-in installable on both form factors.
```

- Extensibility features that are available only when the add-in is running and that are implemented with Office.js JavaScript APIs; for example, [Dialog Boxes](../develop/dialog-api-in-office-add-ins.md).
- Extensibility features that are available only at runtime but are implemented with a combination of Office.js JavaScript and manifest configuration. Examples of these are [Excel custom functions](../excel/custom-functions-overview.md), [single sign-on](sso-in-office-add-ins.md), and [custom contextual tabs](../design/contextual-tabs.md).

If your add-in uses a specific extensibility feature for some of its functionality but has other useful functionality that doesn't require the extensibility feature, you should design the add-in so that it's installable on platform and Office version combinations that don't support the extensibility feature. It can provide a valuable, albeit diminished, experience on those combinations.

You implement this design differently depending on how the extensibility feature is implemented:

- For features implemented entirely with JavaScript, see [Check for API availability at runtime](specify-api-requirements-runtime.md).

> - For features that require you to configure the manifest, see [Specify Office Add-in requirements in the unified manifest for Microsoft 365 -- Filter features](requirements-property-unified-manifest.md#filter-features).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For features that require you to configure the manifest, see the "Filter features" section of [Specify Office Add-in requirements in the unified manifest for Microsoft 365](requirements-property-unified-manifest.md#filter-features).
```

## See also

- [Office Add-ins manifest](add-in-manifests.md)
- [Office Add-in requirement sets](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/common/office-add-in-requirement-sets)

> - [Specify Office Add-in requirements in the unified manifest for Microsoft 365](requirements-property-unified-manifest.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Specify Office Add-in requirements in the unified manifest for Microsoft 365](requirements-property-unified-manifest.md)
```
